Fabric fluent 2 (#12326)
OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react: apps/fabric-website/src/pages/Overviews/ControlsPage/docs/web/ControlsOverview.md

> Fabric’s robust, up-to-date web controls are built with the React framework. Look through the control list to see the building blocks that are available using Fluent UI React.

Reviewer: Not sure if this is something you were planning to get later but just in case
```suggestion
Fluent UI's robust, up-to-date web controls are built with the React framework. Look through the control list to see the building blocks that are available using Fluent UI React.
```

Author: no space :D but yeah, might as well

Reviewer: I saw a couple other instances of this too, not always with an apostrophe specifically (single straight quote, single curly quote, comma, period, maybe more). What you probably need to do is a regex search for `Fabric\b` (word boundary) to ensure you catch everything.
